Course Designer Biographies
Paul BailoLinks to an external site.
Adjunct Lecturer
Dr. Paul Bailo is Global Head for Digital Strategy and Innovation at Infosys Digital, where he focuses on creating and executing new business strategies, innovative solutions and rolling out unique digital platforms. As “Go-To Resource” for internal executives, he spearheads digital innovation, designing new processes and handling large-scale project portfolios.

Bailo has held senior executive positions in digital marketing, managerial analytics, mobile payments, customer journey, design thinking, customer insights and emerging payments with innovative Fortune 500 market leaders. He continues to interact with clients, such as Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, AT&T, SunTrust, Apple, Google and other industry leaders.

Collateral to his business impact, Bailo teaches as an adjunct executive graduate professor in applied analytics at Columbia University, and digital marketing, innovation and data analytics at New York University. He also once headed the development of Mercy College’s fastest growing college major – managerial analytics. He served as an executive advisor to the governments of Nigeria, Saudi Arabia and Abu Dhabi, as well as the Central Bank of Nigeria and Drexel University.

In recognition of his diverse market knowledge, Bailo has frequently been the keynote speaker at Yale University School of Management and the Gerson Lehrman Group Council. He was a Product Fair Winner at the Cambridge University – International Marketing/Technology competition. Bailo is a published author with three industry books, as well as many original business articles and presentations. He has been featured in the Wall Street Journal, Time, Forbes, Fortune, CNN, Money, CNBC, Business Insider, Bloomberg, MUSE and USA Today.

He holds eight US patents and has earned his Six Sigma Black Belt through GE. He earned his PhD at The International School of Management, MBA at Wagner College, MSW from Fordham University and a BS, St. John’s University, as well as graduate diplomas in MIS at Columbia University and banking at Georgetown University. He is a North American Master Champion with ToastMasters International and an active member of the Dale Carnegie Institute, CEO Round Table, Marketing Executive Networking Group, Technology Executive Networking Group and Baseballs 4 A Better Community.

Bivin SadlerLinks to an external site.
SMU Technical Assistant Professor and Course Lead Faculty
Originally from Dallas Texas, Dr. Bivin Sadler finished a BS in mathematics magna cum laude from Texas Tech University before beginning his professional career in Scottsdale, Arizona, at Motorola. He worked as a statistician and software engineer for 2.5 years, working primarily on a companywide tool to predict when software projects could be released with optimal statistical properties (Six Sigma). Upon completion of the project, he moved to San Diego, and while playing professional beach volleyball for two years, finished a master’s degree in applied math at San Diego State University. He then moved back to Dallas to earn a PhD in statistics from SMU and finished his degree in 2014 after winning the Walsh Award for the top score on the qualifying exam taken after the third year of coursework.

Dr. Sadler was hired as part of the faculty at SMU after graduation and began a dual appointment teaching both undergraduate and graduate classes in the statistics department and online with the newly formed Master of Science in Data Science (MSDS) program. Academically, he has presented his work in item response theory at various conferences and is currently working on several domestic and international consulting projects. He became a full-time member of the MSDS faculty in August 2018 and, in addition to consulting projects and teaching, is working on developing new courses in time series and business analytics.